Add readme for kubernetes-overlord-extensions and update docs (#14674)
apache/druid: extensions-contrib/kubernetes-overlord-extensions/README.md

    rules:
      - apiGroups: ["batch"]
        resources: ["jobs"]
        verbs: ["get", "watch", "list", "delete", "create"]
      - apiGroups: [""]
        resources: ["pods", "pods/log"]
        verbs: ["get", "watch", "list", "delete", "create"]
    ---
    kind: RoleBinding
    apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
    metadata:
      name: druid-k8s-binding
      namespace: <druid-namespace>
    subjects:
      - kind: ServiceAccount
        name: <druid-overlord-k8s-service-account>
        namespace: <druid-namespace>
    roleRef:
      kind: Role
      name: druid-k8s-task-scheduler
      apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
    ```

2. Configure the overlord's runtime properties to use the Kubernetes task scheduler.
    ```
    druid.indexer.runner.type=k8s
    druid.indexer.task.encapsulatedTask=true
    druid.indexer.runner.namespace=<druid-namespace>
    druid.indexer.runner.capacity=100 (number of concurrent jobs that can be sent to kubernetes at once)
    ```

3. Choose a Task Adapter (determines how tasks will be converted to a Kubernetes Job)
    #### Option 1. Copy the overlord's pod template to use as the base job template

>     This adapter takes the overlord's own pod specification and injects needed information (like the task id) on top of it.

Reviewer: I think this should be Option 2. Since overlords and peons have such different needs, it seems likely that most users will not want this behavior.

Is there a reason why someone would prefer this method over specifying a pod template in the overlord?

Author: IMO this method is best used for testing the scheduling capability of the K8s runner or for quick startup (it's easier to run than having to inject a pod template)

    ```

    #### Option 2. Bring your own pod template to use as the base job pod template
    This adapter expects a [PodTemplate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/#pod-templates) to be available on the overlord's file system.
    This pod template is used as the base of the job template (additional info like the task id is injected on top of it).
    You can override things like labels, environment variables, resources, annotation, or even the base image with this template.

    Required overlord runtime properties
    ```
    druid.indexer.runner.k8s.adapter.type=customTemplateAdapter
    druid.indexer.runner.k8s.podTemplate.base=/opt/druid/conf/druid/cluster/pod-template.yaml` (location of pod template on overlord)
    ```

    The following PodTemplate is an example that uses the regular druid docker image.
    ```
    apiVersion: "v1"
    kind: "PodTemplate"
    template:
      metadata:
        annotations:
          custom-annotation: "hello"
        labels:
          custom-label: "hello"
      spec:
        affinity: {}
        containers:
        - command:
            - sh
            - -c
            - |

>               /peon.sh /druid/data 1

Reviewer: `/peon.sh`

Where does this file come from?

Author: this is from the druid docker image https://github.com/apache/druid/blob/master/distribution/docker/peon.sh, although if you build your own docker image the command might be different

            name: data-volume
          - mountPath: /druid/deepstorage
            name: deepstorage-volume
        restartPolicy: "Never"
        securityContext:
          fsGroup: 1000
          runAsGroup: 1000
          runAsUser: 1000
        tolerations:
        - effect: NoExecute
          key: node.kubernetes.io/not-ready
          operator: Exists
          tolerationSeconds: 300
        - effect: NoExecute
          key: node.kubernetes.io/unreachable
          operator: Exists
          tolerationSeconds: 300
        volumes:
        - configMap:
            defaultMode: 420
            name: druid-tiny-cluster-peons-config
          name: nodetype-config-volume
        - emptyDir: {}
          name: data-volume
        - emptyDir: {}
          name: deepstorage-volume
    ```
    
    Runtime properties that need to be passed to the Job's peon process
    
    ```
    druid.port=8100 (what port the peon should run on)
    druid.peon.mode=remote
    druid.service=druid/peon (for metrics reporting)
    druid.indexer.task.baseTaskDir=/druid/data (this should match the argument to the ./peon.sh run command in the PodTemplate)
    druid.indexer.runner.type=k8s

>     druid.indexer.task.encapsulatedTask=true

Reviewer: I think you can get rid of this block and move the comments from here down to lines 214 -220.

Author: i wanted to be clear that those properties are required, (the peon will fail without them), hopefully we can remove some of them in the future since a lot of them are not necesary

    ```

    Any runtime property or jvm config used by the peon process can also be passed here

    E.G. below is a example of a ConfigMap that can be used to generate the nodetype-config-volume mount in the above template.
    ```
    kind: ConfigMap

>     metadata:
>     name: druid-tiny-cluster-peons-config
>     namespace: default
>     apiVersion: v1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    metadata:
        name: druid-tiny-cluster-peons-config
        namespace: default
    apiVersion: v1
```

            -XX:MaxDirectMemorySize=1000M
            -Duser.timezone=UTC
            -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8
            -Dlog4j.debug
            -Djava.util.logging.manager=org.apache.logging.log4j.jul.LogManager
            -Djava.io.tmpdir=/druid/data
            -Xmx1024M
            -Xms1024M
        log4j2.xml: |-
            <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
            <Configuration status="WARN">
                <Appenders>
                    <Console name="Console" target="SYSTEM_OUT">
                        <PatternLayout pattern="%d{ISO8601} %p [%t] %c - %m%n"/>
                    </Console>
                </Appenders>
                <Loggers>
                    <Root level="info">
                        <AppenderRef ref="Console"/>
                    </Root>
                </Loggers>
            </Configuration>
        runtime.properties: |
            druid.port=8100
            druid.service=druid/peon
            druid.server.http.numThreads=5
            druid.indexer.task.baseTaskDir=/druid/data
            druid.indexer.runner.type=k8s
            druid.peon.mode=remote
            druid.indexer.task.encapsulatedTask=true
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Thank you for adding these examples. I have not gone through them in detail yet, but there is another doc in docs/development/extensions-contrib/k8s-jobs.md that appears to attempt to answer similar things.

I think adding the examples to the linked page will be helpful, as they are published with the docs.

The README is also helpful as people will come to this file when they hear about the extension, so you could have the README just link out to the other page.

Author: i didn't notice that file, will take a look

<!--
  ~ Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  ~ or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  ~ distributed with this work for additional information
  ~ regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  ~ to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  ~ "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  ~ with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  ~ "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  ~ KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  ~ specific language governing permissions and limitations
  ~ under the License.
  -->

druid-kubernetes-overlord-extensions
=============

Overview
=============
The Kubernetes Task Scheduling extension allows a Druid cluster running on Kubernetes to schedule
its tasks as Kubernetes Jobs instead of sending them to workers (middle managers or indexers).

Documentation
=============

> See the druid.apache.org website or under [Druid GitHub Repo](https://github.com/apache/druid/blob/master/docs/development/extensions-contrib/k8s-jobs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed documentation about how to configure and use the extension is available [here](../../docs/development/extensions-contrib/k8s-jobs.md)
```
